Minutes of the General Meeting June 14, 2004

Attendance: (name/e-mail/affiliation)
------------
Eugene Chin						major
Bishnu Bhattacharyya			major
David Aikema				major
Benton Lam					major
Jen Fernquist					major
Scott Cowan					MACM honours
John Boxall					major
Dany Ayvazov					major
Tim Kim						major
Yang Zhao						CMPT
Eugene Chan					CMPT
Jeff Sipko					CMPT
Noah Adams						CMPT
Johnson Yang					CMPT
Robert Hetzler					badger/badger/mushroom/snake
Amy Tran						major
Angelica Lim					major

Agenda:
Reports of Officers
Approval of Minutes
First Week stuff
Paintball/wics joint event
WOW
Constitution
Tech Fair
Open Floor

Meeting called to order at 12:39 (MELLLLLLLLLLLLLLVAR in Bishnu Standard Time) by Angelica Lim


Report of Officers
-------------------
President Angelica
Hopefully the website will be up by the end of the day.  The last little while there have been some problems with the database.  The diligent webmasters have done the only thing they can: do the magical Packet Dance to the Internet Gods and praying for mercy.  The website has been moved to lemma, so now we don't have to rely on CSIL.  The only reason why it took so long is because the director had to approve the move from CSIL, even though Sumo wanted to move it.  Ahh, bureaucracy.
There have been complaints about the couches and their state of cleanliness (or lack thereof).  They've never been cleaned, to the shock and awe of many in the room.  Bishnu protests the cleaning due to the couches being living history.  There are plans to head to surplus to get some new couches because free stuff is always good.  What to do with the old couches is in question though.  Anyone have a trebuchet?
Recruitment night on June 7 was succesful, thanks to all the volunteers.  We got 39 new e-mail addresses of potential victi-...er, recruits.  On another note, gifts from the department were handed out.  Foldable frisbees were among the more popular tossaround items.

VPA John
Paintball: Our president was a victim of a friendly fire attack.  Evidently there was a mutiny, but UNlike the days of the HMS Bounty, the transgressors were not hanged.  Probably a good thing...trouble with the law and all the paperwork.  John demanded why others did not go, but he didn't have his paintball gun with him so he couldn't be dramatic and fire a few rounds into the air to demand attendance.  There will be another paintball event on the 26th, again it's $20.
The t-shirts should arrive by the 18th in time for pizza. *John is interrupted by loud construction noise*  They should *construction noise* be about *construction noise* ten *construction noise* dollars *construction noise* each.  *construction noise* At this point, Angelica goes upstairs to ask sweetly that the construction workers please stop making such a noise for the duration of the meeting.  Either that or she kung foo'd them into submission, we're not really sure.  But she stopped the noise, so that's what counts.
Confronted in a dark alley with a lead pipe, John was "persuaded" by Noah to plan a mid-semester LAN party.  There was much applause (to the pipe or the LAN, it wasn't too clear).  Tentatively, it will be on July 2nd.  John motions for $150 to be spent on random crap (ie food) for the LAN.  Bishnu seconds.  Motion passes.
John is looking into other activities like go-karting and kayaking, but they could be expensive.  They'd be in the range of $20 each, like paintball.  Noah asks if we could do paintballing while skydiving.  No one really jumped at the suggestion.

VPR Rob
When asked for a report, Morgan shouts "Baaabies!" Laughter rings out.  Somewhere in the distance, a NutriGrain bar is smiling.
Rob has a bad cold.  Those drugs he's taking to combat it could explain his decision to major in mushrooms.
There is no pop order this week, so there's no Hulk green Rob for now.  Puke green Rob is another matter.
We got Lemonade Lite last week.  Could this be a conspiracy to give us all cancer? I'm sure CSIS is on this.

Treasurer Jen
Jen has kept up with the bi-weekly deposits.  She's rolling every Friday.  Coins that is.  More logical than some exercise routine, right?
The balance is $1800 in the bank as of this morning.

Secretary Eugene
Pictures of the exec are up.  Any disfigurement will result in the offender(s) being drawn and quartered.


Approval of Minutes has been deferred until the end of the meeting so everyone can read them.


First Week Stuff
----------------
Hazing! Or "welcoming", which is the more PC term.
Angelica calls for a committee to "help the first years adjust".  Events could be stuff like Gotcha! of last year or gladitorial combat, etc.
The engineers have issued a challenge for a slurpee boat race.  Mmmm...brainfreeze...
Rowan wants to spearhead this, but we need more help to do organizational stuff.
As a rule, made just for Morgan, no hitting on the first years allowed.  Sexual innuendo is still up in the air.
Volunteers: Bishnu, Noah, Amy, Yang, Morgan, Jeff, Eugene Chan, Jen, Tim, Rob, Eugene Chin


Paintball/wics joint event
---------------------------
After some slight confusion of the title, it was discerned that this agenda item is referring to the Joint DSU event headed up by Rowan.  Evidently our President hadn't gotten much sleep when she posted this item.
Jeff says they need money, but this can probably be gotten from the SFSS since they like sponsoring stuff like this.
Jeff motions up to $300 to be used for the DSU Joint Event on the condition that the SFSS does not give the funds.  Seconded by a random bag of mostly water (sorry, didn't catch the name).


WOW
----
John & Angelica had a talk this morning with Julie, "a random grunt from some department" says John.
Julie was amazed by the segway idea and would be willing to put forth $300 for CSSS's WOW event.  Yay "some department"! We could probably get $150 from the SFSS which means the CSSS would need to foot about $300 since the segways cost about $700 or so to rent.
Mini-golf is still a possibility, but two other groups were thinking of doing it.  As a result, availability is an issue as well as the $500 rental fee if we also do segways.  They would be different from golf carts, that's for sure.
Cotton candy is mentioned again as an idea.  If you have ideas to put forward, e-mail csss-vp-activities@sfu.ca.


Constitution
--------------
It has been e-mailed out to csss-active.
Core changes:
-spelling errors are corrected
-grad students are not members of the Society anymore.  Before they were because they didn't have an active grad caucus when the CSSS's first constitution was ratified.
-new exec: VP of Operations, which would chair the General Meetings, handle PR for the CSSS, talk to grads & alumni, be the President if the President is incapcitated or resigns or is unavailable, talk to the SFSS, be another signing officer and unofficial lackey
-new exec: Exec At Large, which would share day to day operations and be an all-purpose lackey.  It's basically to get more people involved
-at least half of the filled exec positions must be in the meeting to attain quorum, other quorum numbers are unchanged
-School hates the turnover as with elections and transition means about 3 weeks before the CSSS actually does anything in the new semester.  So the President and all VPs will have 1 year terms starting in spring and appoint people when not attending classes.  This would probably mean needing polling stations as having 1 year terms would be more formal.
Thursday is the deadline for suggestions for changes, e-mail Noah at nba@sfu.ca
There was much cheers and applause to Noah for putting together the new constitution.  He will take firewater as thank yous.


Tech Fair
-----------
Troy didn't attend the meeting, but sent a report.
The website has been updated.  They will begin calling companies next week because this week is intersession exams.
Budget and marketing is in place, which means someone has sold their soul.  Or just made a deal with Phil, the Prince of Insufficient Light.


Approval of Minutes
--------------------
Dany motions to approve minutes, Noah seconds.
Motion passes.


Open Floor
-----------
The new resource room is by the spider upstairs, so no more sharing with csilop.  There was much rejoicing.
The grad students still have our BBQ.  Bishnu volunteers to plan a surgical strike to retrieve it.  If captured, the executive will disavow any knowledge of his existence.  He is a brave, brave soul.

Motion to adjourn, no objections.  Meeting adjourned at 13:21.