Meeting minutes of the CSSS for the date of June 2, 2004.

Attendance: (Name/E-mail/Affiliation)
Eugene Chin					major
Troy Henke					major
Jeff Sipko					major
Rowan Sawyer				----
Dany Ayvazov					major
Noah Adams					major
Robert Hetzler					camel
Yang Zhao					major
Tim Kim						major
Jen Fernquist					major
Amy Tran					major
Parmit Chilana				major
Heather Chiang				major
Angelica Lim					major
Simon Kwok					major
Mike Schwarz				major

Agenda:
Reports of officers
CSSS in Surrey
Reception for new admits - June 7
Week of Welcome
CS Mentorship
Tech Fair
Open Floor

Meeting is called to order at 12:36pm by President Angelica Lim.

Reports of Officers:
--------------------
President:
This time she has notes! The suspense from the last meeting dissipated like last week's fog as Angelica held in her hand the plans which would guide this society to honour and glory.  Many songs will be sung of this day.  Or just these minutes will be read.
Angelica is trying to resurrect the mailing list cmpt-jobs.  It is a list that advises subscribers to potential jobs; this is quite useful for the rare species of convocated computing science students and the students approaching convocation.
The school meeting Angelica attended discussed putting labs into first year courses.  The idea is well received by the attendees.  Dany suggests making it optional because not all students want to do labs.
Construction should be finished by July 15th so as to free up some faculty offices.
For those wondering about orientation from last year (ie the sombreros and macro-golf), it's not happening.  There will be a reception on June 7th (more on this later in the meeting) and Rowan's project of a campus-wide Games Day.

VP-A:
Shrek 2 was a success.  Good show on John's first movie night of the semester.  There was much applause.
The t-shirts will be ordered in four colours to please everyone: blue, green, red and black.  Black was ordered especially for those who spend <= 5 minutes per year on wardrobe decisions.  Somewhere, Jeremy is doing a happy dance.
Approximately $300 is required to pay for the t-shirts; the department is kicking in about $250.  Likely, the shirts will be sold for about $10 each, so we should make back all the money.  The first order will be about 50 shirts.  John gives his assurance the shirts won't suck because he will wear one at least TWO times this semester.  Random cheering followed.  Another assurance of not suckiness is the shirts' design of having a really cool swooshy thing on it.  John's descriptive skills evidently aren't up to the level of "not sucking" as the t-shirts allegedly are.  He says we may lynch him if the shirts end up sucking, but he runs fast.  I'm sure we can catch him on segways.
John motions to have $300 put towards the t-shirts with the intent that it will be made back through t-shirt sales.  Noah seconds.  The motion passes.  And there was much rejoicing.
John has been talking to MISA about getting a joint paintball event going on June 12th.  It will cost about $20 per person, with subsidy from the CSSS.  The exact quantity is not known yet because MISA replies to e-mail slower than molasses crawling uphill during the Nunavut winter.

Treasurer:
Rob, Morgan and Johnson helped Jen roll coins on Friday (yay Rob, Morgan and Johnson!).  By the time they finished, the bank closed so Jen deposited money on Monday.  The balance is now about $1900.  There is a quiet rendition of "We're in the money" hummed by undisclosed attendees.
Jen will try to deposit money every two weeks.  There was only about $100 left in the bank account when she did deposit money, so this is a good thing.

VP-R:
Coke screwed up another delivery.  Rob was preparing to go Dr. Bruce Banner on Coke's ass, but just as he was going to rip off his shirt and scream "Hulk smash, Hulk bash!", Scott Cowan kindly offered to make a few Cosco runs so we wouldn't run out of Coke.  Mad Rob became Slightly Ticked Off Rob, and gave his thanks to Scott.
The apple juice column in the Coke machine has now been changed to "Rob's Fruit Column", labeled courtesy of the Common Room dezinens.  Ideas of making the machine say "Mmm, fruity!" every time someone bought a Fruity Column drink were never discussed.
Rob talked to a person at Coke and they have no excuse about messing up the latest Coke order that never came.  Evidently Guy B takes Rob's order, Guy C delivers it but someone in between (the evil Coke gnome is suspected) is screwing up the orders.

Secretary:
Exec photos are going up on the bulletin board to let everyone know who's steering the ship this semester.  Other information may go up soon, discussion with the President will follow.
The spam filter ate last meeting's minutes twice, so I'm going to try another approach to sending out the minutes.

CSSS in surrey:
The School of Computing Science is getting a presence in the Surrey campus, along with other departments like Business Administration.
Amanda asked if we want a CSSS in Surrey.  Discussion followed.
Hattie says SFU Surrey is now housed in what used to be Zellers, but will move into the former ICBC tower in about a year.  Administration there is guaranteeing IATSU an office with the grads and is giving the student society space to meet.  There have been struggles traditionally to have regular meetings between unions and their satellites; it hasn't been all that successful.
IATSU is talking about having an overall campus government, but now that SFU Surrey is a part of SFU and different disciplines will be offered, it won't work to well.  Other things will have to be figured out.
Troy suggests having an extra CSSS exec in SFU Surrey to do liaison work.  This requires changes to the constitution, which can be made later.  An unofficial liaison will probably be named instead.
Noah says in about 3-4 years there will be about 60 full-time CS students in SFU Surrey, so we do have a responsibility to get a rep for them.

June 7 Reception:
We need some CSSS reps to go to this reception to mingle with prospective first year students.  There will be lectures by a few profs and milling with the staff.  It will be between 4:30 and 5:30 that Monday night.  There will be food as well.  Mention of food increased the number of volunteers exponentially.
Volunteers: Jen, John, Jeff, Noah, Mike, Yang
WICS will have representation there.

WOW:
Last year, mini-golf was rented from It's My Party Shop.  This needs to be something everyone on campus can do if they so choose.  It's the annual fall welcome back event in convocation mall.
Event suggestions were thrown around, cotton candy chief among them.  John is still set on his segway idea, and he wants to work them in there somehow.
Event suggestions can be e-mailed to csss-exec@sfu.ca. Keep in mind, food eating contests have been claimed by other DSUs.

CS Mentorship:
Heather & Parmit from WICS started a mentorship program.  Initially, it was just for first year girls, partner first years with second year girls and up.  First time around they had about 6 first years and 10 mentors.  Contact was set up by e-mail, and some are still in contact with each other.
The basic idea was to help first years better adjust to life as a university student, and more importantly, as a computing science student.  Focus on the positives (like pizza night), don't weigh too much on the negatives (like coding on no sleep).  Remember, there are DTO requirements to match!
Given the small number of first year girls expected this year, they wanted to expand the idea to incorporate the guys as well.  The combined program will be overseen by the School, who will handle the administration details, while WICS and CSSS will organize events and set up who gets partnered up with whom.
Expected first years in the fall: the School gave 161 offers and 46 accepted by the time of the meeting, with more expected.  These numbers are just from BC.  Because of this number, there may have to be more than one mentee per mentor.
The mentors are not obligated to help with homework, just with general information about campus (like where the cleanest washrooms are, various photocopiers, how to use ACS printers etc), profs, courses and the like.  Tutoring is not the purpose of the program.
Ideally the mentor would be at least a second year CS major.  A new committee would combine with the WICS mentorship committee to form a new one.  The first event is to organize a meet & greet, where the match-ups can occur.  Noah suggests trying to work it into first week events.

Tech Fair:
Two Troys are the coordinators this year, only one Troy made it to this meeting.
Currently, the logo is being made.  It is planned to be introduced this Wednesday.  The website should be updated by Tuesday.  Once it is up and running, preliminary company contact/recruitment should start around June 14th.
The atrium has been booked for October 4, 5 and 6 for Tech Fair.

Open Floor:

Approval of Minutes:
Mike babbles incoherently, and, through the aid of a complex translator coded by a random CSIL monkey, a motion is made for approval of the minutes with the amendment that Games Night be changed to Games Day.  Mike further calls attention to the motion by striking the desk and declaring "Ow" to the amazed onlookers.
Noah seconds.  Motion passes.

Constitution:
For the past two years, there has been a whole lot of nothing going on with the constitution committee.  Random meetings have been called with little to no attendees to help.
Then one day, at the pub, former President Ian, former VP-R Andy, former Secretary Travis, and former Mr. Everything Noah made changes to draft a new constitution.  Noah will finish it up in the next couple days and post it to csss-active for comments.
We need a final version by the 8th week of the semester so we can announce it and vote by the end of the semester.
Some changes are:
	-Since we are growing quite a bit, some new positions are being created.  The term for some of the positions may be changed to annual posts so the department has the same face to talk to for more than four months.
	-It is modeled a bit after the Engineer's constitution.
	-New position of VP of Operations: basically communication with other DSUs and departments, backup to the President to ease his/her workload.
	-Exec at Large: This will be semesterly, doing a little of everything.  This is to let someone wet their feet in the executive to see if they really want to get involved.  Good position for first years.
	-It's in Latec so it looks pretty.
A 2/3 majority is required to approve changes.  Noah is suggesting more standing orders for the VP-A so we don't need so many approvals for funding; this will give the VP-A a little more flexibility.
It will be nice to pass the draft to Hattie to make sure it doesn't contradict any guidelines from the SFSS constitution.
 
Funding:
Hattie reminds us of the $600-700 per semester of core funding that we don't typically use because we have our own source of revenue, but it's still there.  A policy of no-rollover may be coming.
Grants can be approved for certain special events that are not strictly social.

Federal Election:
You can pick up voter registration forms at the Student Society head office if you want to register for the Burnaby-Douglas riding.  They are trying to get a polling station on campus for the election.

Recruitment:
Tentatively called the "Joint DSU Recruitment Related Event" (catchy, eh?), it is designed to create more interaction between DSUs and recruit more high school students.  The budget will come in today's meeting and it looks to be a pretty big event.
The date of the event is June 30th in convocation mall.

First Week/Gotcha:
If you are interested in helping out on First Week events, talk to Angelica or Rowan to get on the mailing list.

Motion to adjourn.  No objections.
Meeting adjourned at 1:31 pm.

