Minutes of the CSSS General Meeting held on July 26th, 2004.

Attendance: (name/e-mail/affiliation)
-------------
Jeff Sipko				major
Bishnu Bhattacharyya		major
Alex Yang				major
Tian Yu					major
Johnson Yang				major
Chris Mcintosh			major
Karen Sun				major
Max Whitney			major
Robert Hetzler				the motherland
Kyle Richter				major
Simon Kwok				major
Amy Tran				major
Yang Zhao				major
Timothy Kim				major
Jennifer Fernquist			major
George Leung				major
Eugene Chan				intended
Angelica Lim				major
Sepand Gojgini			major
John Boxall			major
Eugene Chin				major
Michael Scwartz			major


Agenda:
 Reports of Officers
 Approval of Minutes
 Review of SFSS proposed policy changes
 First Week Stuff (Gotcha et al)
 Fireworks BBQ
 Tech Fair
 Open Floor

Meeting called to order at 12:32 "or something like that".  Looks like our president is as precise with time as Intel is with addition.

Report of Officers
------------------

President Angelica
Angelica has signed up for a Clubs Days table.  For the first time in a few semesters, we don't have to pirate the WICS Clubs Days table.  But we can still shout "Yarr!" and "Avast ye land lubbers!"
She has bought Hattie flowers and a card.  Hattie should get them sometime today.

VPA John
John is a tad grumpy as the kids he's shepherding didn't want to shut up today.  Evidently the novelty of a guy in a dancing dog outfit has worn off.
John didn't go to Buntzen Lake first to check out the meeting spot before he made it.  He got there at 11:30 and the parking lot was bigger than B-Lot.  There was a WICS girl in his carpool, so it officially was a joint event.
Wings Night: It went as well as it could have.  There weren't any wings (chorus of boos echo), the excuse was avian flu.  If you recall, a few farms' worth of birds were culled due to a small outbreak in avian flu a while back.  Now short supply has caught up with them and there weren't any chickens to get wings from.  John still suspects a conspiracy.  Chicken-gate or something.  Instead, $100 worth of nachos was purchased.
Social budget breakdown:
	-games(X-Boxes and etc) ~$150
	-food(pizza, cotton candy etc) ~$150 (a few conversations break out, John lays the smackdown on a table to get people to listen.  The Heads & Shoulders, Knees & Toes bribe didn't work)
	-prizes ~$350 (hooray for Cosco!)
	-misc ~$50
	Total: ~$700, hopefully less
Segways: We got $300 from WOW people, and John is considering to spend another $300 for more segways as mentioned last meeting.  (Insert WOW plug here by Angelica)
Back to the social: John needs volunteers to run a few games since playing hookey all semester has caught up to him.  Apparently, X-boxes aren't educational enough for his kids.  What kind of world are we living in??? George volunteers to run the Coke Chug, Eugene Chan the mini-hockey and Angelica the disk towers.
SFU Surrey Compsci wants to know if they can do segways down there too.  They'll give us $300 so John will probably just book another two segways and send them to the Surrey campus.

VPR Rob
The pop machine is being filled whenever pop is delivered.
The LCD is "busticated" on the photocopier.  Minolta says they sent a guy, but that's akin to saying you'll never get a BSOD with Windows.  Rob's going to call Minolta again.
Rob proclaims Coke is evil and begins muttering under his breath.  He didn't start smashing things, so it looks like the valium really helps.


Treasurer Jen
In order to get everyone's attention, she gives them "The Look".  Being one of the more potent weapons in a woman's arsenal, everyone shuts up and listens.
Coins are getting rolled, and it's fun! That spinning coin sorter must be very hypnotic.  Or Jen's starting to go crazy from all the coins.  Most likely it's a little from Column A, a little from Column B.
$1162 was deposited, there's about $2800 in the bank account.
We also got $600 of core funding from the SFSS because Jen was a good girl and gave them receipts.  Money is good.


Secretary Eugene
Some people complain about being on cmpt-students.  Looks like the updates aren't timed correctly or people are just naturally whiny.  I'm going with the latter, since it creates less work.  Dogbert's "Shoo Strategy" seems to apply here.



SFSS Policy Changes
---------------------
Last time Angelica mentioned some stuff about changes to funding policies for the SFSS.  She forgot to talk about some documentation requirements.  Ack! The "D" word!
Documentation requirements are as follows:
	-minutes of all meetings must be turned into the office within two weeks after the meeting.  It's not clear whether these are approved or nonapproved minutes.
	-SFSS wants info about the bank account (ie signing officers, bank institution, account number etc).
	-Each DSU must let the SFSS know about any contracts they are going to sign, providing documentation within 2 weeks of negotiation.
	-Common Room access: The SFSS wants duplicate keys for common rooms, pop machines, photocopiers and cabinets
This is still a proposal, so it will still be needed to approved at some point.  They want feedback by the end of the month.  There is a general negative concensus about all of the documentation requirements, particularly the last one about keys.



Frosh Week
-----------
Sepand has created a budget WITH CHARTS! Oooo, ahhhh.
The final total for all the committees budgets is $3436.  The CSSS will provide $1000, the department will provide $500 and the SFSS will provide $1000.  That leaves almost $1000 we need to get elsewhere.
Sepand suggets a $13.50 per person cover charge, assuming about 70-75 people.  It is suggested to increase to $15 just to make it a nice round number.  Rule of Acquisition #242: More is good...all is better.
The website is being worked on, as Yang the Web Monkey reports.  He has e-mailed about a forward/link from the CS website, but he'll do that today/tomorrow.  The website is a template of PHP, but it needs more content and more pictures from CS related events.



Fireworks BBQ
---------------
Andy's organizing it.  It will be on August 7th at Jericho Beach.
Funding decision was deferred to this meeting so a better picture of the financial situation could be painted.
It is decided that the BBQ will be a potluck like last year.



Tech Fair
----------
Troy's not here and he didn't send a report.



Approval of Minutes
--------------------
After attending the "Coping with Senility" workshop (and almost going to "Microwave Cookery" instead), Mike manages to make a coherent motion.  He motions to approve the minutes.  Seconded by George.
Motion passes.



Open floor
-----------
Bishnu requests that people stop leaving pop cans lying around the Common Room.  Also stop leaving used cutlery from meals.
Angelica, Eugene Chan and George volunteer to clean the fridge at the end of the semester.  Hope they're renting Haz-Mat suits.  They are brave, brave souls.



Motion to adjourn.  There is no opposition.
Motion adjourned at 13:15.