MINUTES - January 20th 2004

CSSS General Elections

Called to order byJustin Price at 2:45 PM

ATTENDANCE LIST

Name				Email		Status
Bishnu Bhattacharyya			major
Noah Adams					major
Ryan Sikma			 	major
Omar-Sadique Mohamed		major
Tyrell Newfeld				major
Andy Lumb					major
Kyle Richter					major
Sera Igglesden				major
Robert Hetzler					major
Alex Hemingway			major
Sepand Gojgini				major
Travis Brown			 	major
Johnson Yang					major
Scott Cowan					MACM
Benton Lam			 	major
Shayla Sawchenko			major
Jeremy Holman			 	CMPT 354
Justin Price			 	major
Jeff Sipko				major


Election time!	Hooray!

The January revolution of the CSSS was met with mass rioting.  The
unwashed masses, frustrated by a directionless and stagnant ruling body,
rose up, rode their field-plowing beasts of burden (engineers) into a
gathering of CSSS leaders and unleashed righteous proletariat justice on
their bourgois oppressors.  ONWARDS AND UPWARDS MY BRETHREN!

El Presidente gives a rather vacuous report, mostly involving an upcoming
trip to the city widely acknowledged as the anus of Canada.  That's
right, Toronto.  His next of kin has been notified.

Anyways, on to the elections!

The President!

Justin Price nominated by Noah, seconded by Bishnu
Kyle Richter nominated by Rob - DECLINED
Noah Adams nominated by Kyle - DECLINED
Andy Lumb nominated Sundeep - DECLINED

Who won the election?  Well, the vote was secret, but I can say that
Justin won on a technicality despite a last-place finish.

The Vice President of Resources!

Andy Lumb nominated by Ryan, seconded by Bishnu
Rob Hetzler nominated by Kyle - DECLINED
Travis nominated by Andy, seconded by Bishnu

Travis opened with a frank and honest dissertation of how he intended to
shirk his responsibilities if elected.	Andy countered with an
endorsement of Travis.	All in all, it was pretty depressing, and kind of
ironic when the initial balloting resulted in a tie...after a
heartpounding tiebreaker vote by the chair it was gloriously determined
that Andy is the VP-R.

The Vice President of Activities!

Noah Adams is nominated by Bishnu, seconded by Ryan
Travis nominated by Sundeep, seconded by Rob - DECLINED
Kyle Richter nominated by Ryan - DECLINED
Omar Mohamed nominated by Noah, seconded by Scott - DECLINED
Jeff something nominated by Jeremy, seconded by Bishnu - DECLINED

At the end of it all, the cheese stands alone, for all values of cheese
such that cheese = Noah.  He barely beats his vacuous opponent, "Mr.
Spoiled".  Sad, really.

Treasurer!

Mike Schwartz and Chris Fawcett nominated by Andy Lumb, seconded by Noah
Adams.	They accept in absentia.
Scott Cowan nominated by Rob, seconded by Jeremy - DECLINED
Travis nominated by Andy, seconded by Noah - DECLINED

Due to their absence, Jeremy gives an eerily reminscent imitation of Mike
Schwartz and Chris Fawcett that leaves CSSS members misty-eyed and
in sheer awe of his raptourous presence.  Him capturing the essence of
the soulless void inside Mike Schwartz; and the demonic, insane glint in
Chris Fawcett's eye was truly a sight for the ages.

Oh yeah, and Chris won the election, and he's our treasurer.

Secretary!

Travis nominated by Rob, seconded by Scott
Omar nominated by Noah, seconded by Bishnu - DECLINED

I'm pretty sure Travis won, but I don't really remember.

Undergraduate Curriculum Committee Representatives!

Jeremy nominated
Ryan nominated
Chris nominated
Alex nominated

The winners - Jeremy and Alex.

Travis is named CSSS rep to the Capital Resources Committee.

OPEN FLOOR

8 people are going to represent the CSSS and WICS at the Canadian
Undergraduate Technology Committee in Toronto, and are leaving tomorrow.
They are:

Parmit Chilana
Angelica Lim
Amy Tran
Jen Fernquist
Rob Hetzler
Justin Price
Andy Lumb
Chris Fawcett

Motion to approve the list tabled by Scott Cowan, seconded by Noah Adams.
Motion passes.

Andy wants for another $80 per person (so $800 total) since the costs
($580 per person) is not totally covered by funding from the department
($400 a person) and funding from the SFSS travel funding ($100 per
person).  Noah and Jeremy point out that making the trip all-expenses
paid is perhaps not in the best interests of CSSS.  Rob states that
without the extra funding, he will not be able to go.  Andy suggests that
the trip does further the cause of the CSSS and they will be providing a
report and making a presentation upon their return.

This is also somewhat precedent setting in that the conference is annual,
and we may be committing ourselves to similar expenditures every year.

Noah says, "when you see the C$$$, do you see dollar signs?", allowing me
to write CSSS like that

Andy motions for 640$ to cover the budget deficit outlined above.  Rob
seconds it.  Motion passes.

Travis asks what people would like to see if, hypothetically, dumb
terminals were added to the common room.  The consensus is that
monochrome text is best, since it suffices for checking/sending email and
discourages people from browsing the web perpetually.

Motion to adjourn made by Noah, motion basses at 3:58 pm.

