Minutes of the CSSS General Meeting held on July 12, 2004

Attendance (name/e-mail/affiliation)
-----------
Eugene Chin		ehc		major
Sepand Gojgini		sgojgini	major
George Leung		georgel		major
Eugene Chan		echan2		nobody's major
Jeff Sipko		jsipko		major
Tim Kim			tkim1		major
Yang Zhao		yangz		neutral good
Heather Chiang		heatherc	major
Jen Fernquist		jenf		major
Kyle Richter		kbr		major
Anthony Lam		alamg		major
John Boxall		jrboxall	major
Angelica Limb		alimb		major
Simon Kwok		stkwok		major
Robert Hetzler		rjh		major

Agenda:
- Report of Officers
- Approval of Minutes
- Mentorship
- CS First Week (Gotcha et al)
- Week of Welcome
- Movie tickets approval
- Tech Fair
- Open Floor

Meeting called to order at 12:34:40 by Yang (applause erupts for his accuracy)
Yang then makes like Mao on the podium and proceeds to chair the meeting.
Demands for pop echo, but Rob the Camel has not made his entrance yet.

Report of Officers
-------------------

President Angelica
There is now bowl soup in the MTF vending machine for $2.50 each.  They're SPI-sayyy!
(Angelica is interrupted by a braying of a camel, signifying the arrival of Rob, Bringer of the Pop)
There is a kettle in the MTF too, free of charge to use, so let the soup consumage begin.
Angelica has called the people who take care of the blue phones, since the one the CSCR has problems.  There has been no response saying if it's been fixed or not, but George says someone came by and fiddled with the phone.  Sadly, it wasn't MacGyver, so we won't get the amusement of watching people power the phone by pedalling a bicycle.
The Surrey Summit is still this Thursday.  Mike "The Grumpy Old Man" Schwartz and Noah "Baby Face" Adams are going to have dinner with the Surrey student society president.
There are some proposed changes in funding.
	-Every semester, a rep from each DSU must register with the office and give a proposed budget for events ahead of time.  This is an estimated budget, it won't be as big of a problem for us since have have our own revenue.
	-Special grants will not be given out for strictly social events.  So much for booze money.
	-Each DSU will get ~$600 per semester, but it will no longer rollover to the next semester.  If we don't spend it, we don't get to spend it next semester, but we do get ~$600 in the new semester to spend.
E-mail csss-president@sfu.ca if you have questions or if you want a brochure.

VPA John
T-shirt sales continue well.  There are mostly just greens left.  More t-shirts will probably be bought next semester.
Wings Night: It will be on Tuesday July 20th.  It'll start around 5, another run an hour later.  John motions for $150 for Wings Night next Tuesday July 20th.  2nded by George.  Motion passes.  I hear the CS El Wingador may show up, riding in on his trusty ostrich, Nice.
Hike: Kind of undecided at the moment.  It's suggested we do a picnic type thing and something easier than the Grouse Grind.  Johnson, our resident outdoors guru, suggested Bunson Lake or Alice Lake.  Bunson Lake is closer since it's in Coquitlam, but carpool will need to be arranged.  The hike is set for the 24th, it might be joint with WICS.  It'll be a BYO Picnic.  Time is TBD, look for John's e-mail.
John motions for up to $1000 for the end of semester social.  2nded by Jen.  Motion passes.

(Another camel braying interrupts the proceedings.  Rob motions we give Scott a free CS t-shirt for his help in Cosco runs for pop.  2nded by some random bag of mostly water.  Motion passes)

Continuing with the VPA report
John wants competent volunteers for the social, competent is underscored heavily.  If you want to help out at the social, whether it be prize handouts or pointing people to the right spot.  E-mail csss-vp-activities@sfu.ca if you want to help.
John asks the Gentle Dictator if he has anything else.  Angelica shakes her head no.  The puppet withdraws his strings and sits down.

Treasurer Jen
A deposit has been made.  There is $2970 in the account, partially due to mystery cheques.  Hooray for mysterious money!
Revenue has been steadily decreasing throughout the semester, so we need to advertise more.  SPAM SPAM SPAM SPAM SPAM.

Secretary Eugene
Nothing to report.


First Week
-----------
Teams have been made to handle different parts of Frosh Week.  Registration, Photo Hunt, PAC-SFU, Initiation et al.
Yang is the web monkey.  He sits and scratches.  The frosh website has been unofficially created in lemma, but not much is there yet.  He's trying to get a redirect from the CS website.


Mentorship
-----------
Heather calls for volunteers to be mentors.  Mentors will attend two activities, none involve speed dating.  One is a mentor orientation in the first week, how to be optimistic and other such funky things.  The second is the icebreaker in the second week, and then correspond through e-mail.


WOW
-----
Last Friday, a budget sheet was due, so John handed in one for segways.  Awwww yeah.
John phoned the guy renting out the segways, and since we're in the Lower Mainland, it'll only cost $300 since they don't need to fly anywhere.  John put down $600 on the budget.
Likely WOW will give us $300, so if we front $300, we could get 4 segways instead of 2 for twice the amount of gyroscopic goodness.  4 is 2^2, so it's exponential fun!
It'll likely be in Freedom Square since WOW probably won't give us all of Convo Mall to race around.  If WOW doesn't want to give us funding, or if we can't afford the $300, we can still get 2 segways.


Movie tix
----------
Linda from the EUSS e-mailed us and asked if want to help in purchase of bulk movie tickets from Famous Players.
They cost $8.64 each, but they need 1000 to get that rate.  We still have 30 tickets leftover, so Angelica suggests 50, which would cost $432.
Since we aren't sure of our financial situation, Angelica motions for $216 to be spent on movie tickets from the EUSS, so we get 25.  Dany 2nds, motion passes.


Tech Fair
---------
Troy's not here.
Not many e-mails in last while, but a place is booked and companies are being phoned.
Some other stuff is being done.  Yay for stuff.


Open Floor
----------
Andy has pseudovolunteered to organize a BBQ for the fireworks (Celebration of Light) at Jericho Beach.  It's for the finale, August 7th.
There will be a dinner BBQ and then watching the fireworks at the beach.
In previous years, it was a potluck, BYOBBQ.  Andy has some experience organizing a BBQ on the north shore a couple months back, so he's not a complete n00b.  He bought everything beforehand and it cost $214.  This included meat, cutlery, chips and pop.
Motion for $200 for fireworks BBQ is deferred until the next meeting when we have a better picture of our financial situation and budgets for other events.  If all else fails, we can do a BYOBBQ.

(Another interjection from Super Camel Boy.  An elaborate presentation of the t-shirt to Scott is done.  There is much applause.  Rob will write his Ode to Scott at a later date.)

VPR Report, since Rob's here
We have pop.  Yay for pop!


Dany motions to approve minutes, Eugene Chan 2nds, motion passes.


Motion to adjourn.  No objections.
Meeting adjourned at 13:20:05.  More applause for Yang's accuracy.