Minutes for Sept 25th
CSSS General Meeting
13:30

Attendance

Vikram Bubber				intended
David Cowley				intended
Richard Drozdik				intended
Aki "Bluefor" Minoto		intended
Andrew Chang				intended
Liliana Barrios				intended
Tatjana Lucic				intended
Liz Madeley				intended
Matt Fraser				declared
Michael Pede		intended
Jean Stadnicki				intended
Blair Leggett				minor
Geoff Denning				declared
Chris Demwell				intended
Rich Walters				major
Hattie Aitken				SFSS Rep

Meeting

Proposition to order pizza for late Thursday User Interface Design seminar
for every class.
Class occurs every second Thursday.
	Proposed by : Kaye	Seconded : Matt
For : 10		Against : 0	abstain : 3


Career Fair

Volunteers wanted to help around.  Volunteers get Parking Pass, Shirt &
Food.
Setup for the Career Fair is from 8:30 to 15:30 on Wednesday, Oct 1st

Highlights are 13 countries and a new game developed by 4th year SFU
students.


Web Contest

Issue : Contest not officially announced, but Matt Fraser has already made
a page..  Allocated as prizes by the CSSS was $300 and 2 gravis cards.
Unofficial deadline was the end of August

Decision : Should Matt get the prize or should we get competition for him? 
It would be unfair to wait longer since we are displaying his page
currently.

Decision : Should Jason be Webmaster of the page?

Webmaster should be approved by Elma.

Paul Olynek suggest we hold another contest and compensate Matt for his
work he has already done.
Proposition by Geoff Denning : Award Matt 1st prize ($150 and 2 Gravis
cards) and use both his page and Anti-Calendar.

For 10		Against : 0	Abstain : 2


Final Social and BBQ
Motion to hold Social and possible BBQ on Nov 14th
	Proposed by Kaye	Seconded by Michael
For : 11		Against : 0	Abstain : 4

SFSS Funding
$300 semester available from SFSS
A loan from the department is possible if needed.

Richard is for taking the SFSS funds
Kaye is against taking SFSS funding.

Hattie doesn't want to hear complaints from Computing Students saying that
they are not provided enough by their student society.

Precedent : We have taken funds from SFSS for Pub night last Summer
Semester

Hattie thinks that a stance on taking SFSS funds should be established.


Sports Day

Signup needed for team members.  Signup sheet in the CSSS Common Room (on
Pop machine)
Donations of used clothing for Salvation Army & united Way requested

Sprts Day is Friday is Oct 3rd
Team size is maximum 10 at a time, but more is allowed

Richard Walters proposes we give 1 Shrum Bowl ticket for everyone who joins
the CSSS Team.
Tickets valued at $8.00 each.
	Seconded by Geoff D
For : 12		Against : 0	Abstain : 2

SFSS wants a donation of $25
EA co-ops can get games for $20 each.
Geoff proposes we allocate no more than $50 towards donations.	Seconded by
Richard W.

Unanimously passed


Constitution

Geoff Denning will hold meetings about this


Treasurer's Report
	$1800 last check
- Coke and Minolta Bills
+ deposit
Apx $600-$700 currently


Phone Stolen

Currently in the reviewal stage of the tapes which Drew Miners is in charge
of.
RCMP may be contacted if Security finds evidence enough to prosecute.
Otherwise WE ARE NO LONGER INVOLVED.

We will hear more if RCMP are contacted and if someone is prosecuted.


Pizza Day

Two Movies every Friday, organized by Jean Stadnicke.
The first movie is at 14:30 and will inspire intellectual thought.
The second will be at 16:30 and will be a "no brainer"

Contact Jean if you wish to suggest a movie.

Pop Update

Pop can be delivedred every week instead of every 2 weeks


Meeting adjourned proposed by Geoff Denning	Seconded by Jean.

