Agenda:

Report of Officers

Board Games Followup

Retro Games Followup

FAS Formal

Konica

EoSS

Constitution Amendements

Approval of Minutes
Open

5:35pm



Report:

Nick:

Talked to Alice of CUTC. We have  to do testimonial videos. We have simple questions to answer and we have to put their logo on our page.



Kenneth:

Went to an Op-Fair meeting. Website is up. Surrey will be doing their own show.



Laura:

Talked to Konica. They had a mix-up with our insurance, so we need to find out who insures us. So we need to pay Konica, then get re-imbursed. Same old, same old with pop.



Allan: 
974 in bank account. We owe 760 to coke, 130 to Mount Athos for pizza.



Kyle:

Fighting tournament, looking for prizes. Not sure what kind of prizes we want to give away.


Kyle motions up to $150  in prizes for gift cards. Kenneth seconds, motion passes.



Paul:

Nothing



Jeremy:

Bought Cream and stir-sticks, he is looking for re-imbursment.



Claudia and Sid:

Changed the date to next thursday due to availability. CSSS will handle the payment.




Board games:

Went well, had fun. Overall was a successful event.



Retro Games:

We got 3 tvs from AV, and Jack brought stuff from home, went well, but we didn't get as much of a turn out as we thought we would.



FAS formal:
We haven't heard anything from Moe nice last meeting, but we have yet to see the boat.

Konica:
Covered in report of officers.

EoSS:
We settled of cotton candy as far as food (which will cost $55), we will have video games on a projector. We have booked the Atrium, and we have yet to book the projector(s). We need cones for the cotton candy.

Kyle motions up to $100 to pay for the cotton candy machine and sugar. Kenneth seconds. Motion passes.

Constitution amendments:
Laura motions to reschedule this to next meeting.

Approval of meeting:
Kenneth motions to approve these minutes with the amendments. Susan seconds. Motion passes. 

Open floor:
Allan motion to put $500 of our core funding to pay for the pop order of November 8th 2012. Stephen seconds. Motion passes.

Website will be our main website, so we can stop spamming people on Facebook. Also, We will try to send only one or two e-mails bi-weekly.

Kenneth motions the signing of the advertising partnership between the CUTC and the CSSS. Antonio seconds.

Kenneth motions to ajourn this meeting 5:00pm. Meeting ajourned.
