First General Meeting of 98 Jan 15th

Attendance

Name			email			affiliation

Michael Pede		intended major
James Pede		intended
Vik Bubber		intended
Richard Drozdik		intended
Pete Lypkie		intended major
Jean Stadnicki		intended
Chris Demwell		intended
Wayne Venables		declared
Mike Taghizadch		declared
Kaye Mason				dec. major
Adam Coath				dec. major
David Cowley			int. major
Paul Olynek				dec. major
Geoff Denning			declared

Minutes

We should send our thank yous out to Drew and the entire computing
department of Computing Science, theyve done so much for us for free.
Also the secretaries are incredibly helpful and friendly.

Motion by Geoff Denning to allocate $100 to buy flowers for the
secretaries sometime this semester.
Motion seconded by Jean, passed unanimously.

ELECTIONS :

Nominations for President		Nominated by		2nd
	Geoff Denning		Self			Kaye
	Richard Drozdik		Kaye			Pete
	Kaye Mason		Geoff			Pete

Kaye Mason was voted in as CSSS President.

Vice Nominations/ VP of Resources
	Vik Bubber		Self			Geoff
	Pete Lypkie		Jean			Richard
	Geoff Denning		Kaye			Wayne
	Michael Pede		Chris			Kaye

Geoff Denning was voted in as our CSSS Vice President (VP of Resources)

DARC Nominations/ VP of Activities
	Jean Stadnicki		Richard			Vic
	Michael	Pede		Self			Jean
	Pete Lypkie		Geoff			Kaye 	declines
	Vik Bubber		Kaye			Pete

Jean Stadnicki was voted in as DARC (VP of Activities)

Nominations for Secretary
	Michael Pede		declined
	Pete Lypkie		Kaye			Chris
	James Pede		Self			David
	Vik Bubber		Paul			Jean
	Paul Olynek		declined

Vik Bubber was voted in as Secretary

Nominations for Treasurer
	Richard Drozdik		Pete			Paul
	Michael Pede		Jean			Geoff

Richard Drozdik was voted in Treasurer
Kaye recommends that Michael Pede be taken on as apprentice Treasurer, and
he accepted the position.

Opportunities Fair - Paul Olynek speaks.
	Volunteers are welcome to help with preparation work, or for work
on the day of the fair.  The OP Fair is on February 3rd (Tuesday) and 4th
(Wednesday) and is from 8:30 to 4:30.
	If you wish to get involved, email Paul at 

	Preliminary work that still needs to be done includes the creating
of logos, Graphics for the Shirts and Advertisements.  The day of the
Fair, volunteers will be needed to supply food and equipment for
companies. Banners need to be setup and food supplied to the
representatives.

Finances last semester were around $4000, this time we have a budget of
$10,000-$11,000.

This Fair is being co-sponsored by both the CSSS and the EUSS.


Committees :

For the UCC (Undergraduate Curriculum Committee) we have  Kaye Mason and
Adam Coath.

The Hardware / Software Committee volunteers are Michael Pede and Chris
Demwell.

Our next General Meeting is on Tuesday January 27th at 13:30

Meeting Adjourned :)

