CSSS
General Meeting
March 4, 1998
Minutes

In Attendance:

Name			E-mail	Affiliation
Michael Pede		intended
Kaye Mason			declared
Vikram Bubber		intended
Geoff Denning			declared
Richard Drozdik			intended
Chris Demwell			intended
Pete Lypkie			intended
James Pede			intended
S. David Pullara		graduate
Christopher Steinbach		intended
David Cowley			intended
PhilipNeves			intended
Satoshi Iura			intended
Kim Wood			Cmpt 101
Bryan Hansen			intended
Elliot Wiltshire		declared
Andrew Szendrey			intended
Chen-hao Tsai (Jack)		intended
Adam Coath			declared

Minutes

Election of Vice-President of Activities - Kaye
	- Duties include:
		* Being responsible for monitoring all projects funded 
		  through the society
		* Plan, organize and run all Society events or delegate
		  such responsibilities to other CSSS members.
		* Be a signing officer for the society, including the
		  society's bank account.
		* Write a continuity report at the end of each semester 
		  for the next executive member who will fill this
		  position.
	-Nominations -
		- Mike Pede nominated by Geoff, 2nded by Kaye
		- Pete Lypkie nominated by Kaye, 2nded by Elliot
			but Pete declined
		- James Pede nominated by Mike, 2nded by Chris S.
		- Adam Coath nominated but declined
	- Mike Pede was voted in as Vice-President of Activities by
		majority.

Social-Kaye & Mike
	-Kaye requested between $500-$700 for as a budget for the Social
	  (excluding BBQ).  A $500 budget would be needed if for the
	  Programming Contest and Scavenger Hunt there was $100 in
	  prizes for each event.  If for each event there was $200
	  in prizes then a  $700 budget would be needed.  The extra
	  $300 is being used to rent the 2 Pinball Machines which
	  will be set on FREE PLAY all day.

	-Richard advises that $100 would be easier since there are other
	  expenses outside Social which would also need to be looked at
	  and if in the Programming contest there were different groups of
	  prizes, $100 would be easier to distribute.

	Motion: Kaye moves for a $500.00 budget for expenses for the Social
	  excluding anything related to the BBQ -2nded by Adam
	Vote: 16 For; 3 Abstained;

	-Mike suggested a BBQ budget of $150 but through careful analysis
	  it was agreed upon that $500 would be a better budget for the
	  BBQ.
	-Geoff mentioned that the CSSS membership at Costco needed to be
	  renewed at an approximate cost of $75.
	-The BBQ budget would cover all costs at Costco for Buns and
	  Condiments, ICL for Burgers, Hot Dogs

	Motion: Mike moves for a $450.00 budget for expenses from anything
	  related to the BBQ -2nded by Vik
	Vote: Passed with 1 Abstention by Kaye

	-Kaye believes that the CSSS should not be having BBQ's under the
	  present conditions.  ICL does not want CSSS to have BBQ's for no
	  more than an hour.  They do not want us to serve hot dogs, only
	  hamburgers.  They are allowing us to serve hot dogs now to 
	  assess the impact on their hot dog stand.  In the past, CSSS
	  used to have BBQ's  every other week every semester.  ICL was
	  upset and as CSSS tried to compromise ICL said they would accept
	  everything we give them but we want X, Y, Z, more.  They have
	  since been adding to this agreement.  CSSS would like to get ICL
	  to write down their agreement so that it will remain stationery
	  for upcoming semesters and so no other conflicts arise when CSSS
	  would like to have a BBQ.
  
Multimedia Contest-Kaye & Richard

	-Categories are presently posted on the CSSS Bulletin Board.
	  Efforts will be made to have a lab made available over the
	  semester break.
	-Deadline will be the last day of classes of the 98-2 (Summer)
	  semester.
	-Regulations will be posted on Friday March 6 and a new rule was
	  that any contestants must be an SFU student.
	-In Relation to the Multimedia contest there will be a speaker on
	  Friday March 6, 1998 from Soft Image at 1:30-2:30 in ASB9705.
	  The speaker is Mike Davidson speaking about the animation
	  industry, software development opportunities in the industry.
	Motion: Kaye moves for a $50.00 budget for refreshments at the 
	  speech -2nded by Chris D.
	Vote: Passed with 1 Abstention by Chris S.

Standing Orders-Kaye
	-Kaye has given notice of motion of an amendment of the following
	  standing orders to be voted on in 4 weeks at the CSSS general
	  meeting on April 1st:

	1. Without the approval of the membership, the executive may decide to
	  expend funding on items which:
		(a) cost less than $50 and
		(b) are part of the day to day running of the society.
	2. All votes which concern the holding of positions within the society
	  shall be done by secret ballot.
	3. The csss-exec mailing list shall be exist for the discussion
	  of matters pertaining to the running of the society.
	3.1 The membership of the list shall be maintained by the 
	  secretary, and it shall include, but not be limited to:
		(a) all members of the CSSS executive.
		(b) Any member of the society who is sponsored by a
			member of the executive.
	3.2 Any individual may be removed from the list by the majority
	  vote of the executive.
	4. At CSSS elections, the nominators must briefly state as to why
	  they feel their nominee should be nominated for a certain
	  position.**

		**Richard has given notice of motion that this standing
		order be added to the rest which will be voted on in 4 weeks.

	5. The CSSS president the should be called the "Grand High Mogo
	  Mogul"***

		***Chris S. has given notice of motion that this standing
		order be added to the rest which will be voted on in 4 weeks.

Treasurer's Report-Richard
	-Half of our current balance is still allocated towards OpFair bills.
	-There are still some outstanding cheques which have not been
	  cashed yet.
	-There was also some money budgeted for the social and other item
	  previously budgeted.
	-We are still in the black ink. 

Status Report from Vice-Resources-Geoff
	-Barq's in the Pop Machine will be replaced with Raspberry Nestea. 
	-Fridge in the back room will be removed
	-Cleaning supplies have been purchased for the Common Room
	-Some CSSS members have expressed concern of moving the microwave into
	  the Common Room. Some reasons expressed as to why the Microwave
	  should not be put in the Common Room are:
		-it can be a fire hazard
		-a main concern is ventilation, since there is no proper
		 ventilation in the common room it would be hard to get
		 rid of any food smells.

	Motion: Geoff moves that the microwave be put back in the Common
	  Room -2nded by Adam.
	Vote: declined with 3 For; 10 Against; 4 Abstained.
	
Kaz Award-Kaye
	-The Kaz Award is an award created by the CSSS.  Originally the
	 award was called the "CSSS Award". The name was changed so that
	 it would be in memory of a dear friend of Erick Wong.  The CSSS
	 would like to make a proposal in order to have the name changed 
	 back to "CSSS Award". The proposal is:

		* Change the name of the present Kaz Award back to CSSS Award.
		* Create a new award called the Kaz Bursary.
		* CSSS will donate $5000 into this new award.
		* The university development office will match what the
		  CSSS puts into this bursary.
		* This will put a total of $10,000 into the new bursary.
		* Donors and alumni have been contacted and agree to new
			proposal.

	-Richard says that it will be possible to raise $5000 by the end
	  of the semester.
	Motion: Kaye motions to raise $5000 to contribute to the new
	  award by the end of the semester. -2nd Richard
	Vote: Passed by majority.

Adjournment	
	-Kaye motions for adjournment
