CSSS
General Meeting
March 18, 1998
Minutes

In Attendance:

Name	E-mail	Affiliation
Michael Pede	intended
Kaye Mason	declared
Vikram Bubber	intended
Geoff Denning	declared
Richard Drozdik	intended
Chris Demwell	intended
Pete Lypkie		intended
James Pede		intended
Christopher Steinbach	intended
David Cowley		intended
PhilipNeves		intended
Chen-hao Tsai (Jack)		intended

Minutes
Kaz Award - Kaye
	Motion: Kaye moves to get $1000.00 from SFSS for new award
		- 2nded by Richard
	Vote: Passed with 1 opposed 

	Motion: Kaye moves to restrict Kaz Award to Multimedia Stream
		(preference will be given to students in the multimedia
		stream of computing science)
		- 2nded by Chris S.
	Vote: Passed with 1 abstention and 2 opposed.

Applied Science Volleyball-Kaye & Mike
	Motion: Kaye moves that the CSSS will pay for teams which consist
		of two-thirds or more CS students.- 2nded by Mike P.
	Vote: Passed with 1 abstention.

Treasurer's Report-Richard
	-Suspected to be approximately $9000 in the account.  There still
		remain some outstanding cheques and bills etc. 

Status Report from Vice-Resources-Geoff
	-Ladder needed.  Price < $50 so no vote was required.
	-CSSS now has new cheques!  Less Barqs in Pop Machine

Hardware and Software Committee Report -Chris D.
	-not much of concern
	-G++ to be added to the NEXT computers this summer

UCC Report
	-Cmpt 201 will now be taught in C++
	-No student exchange to University of East Anglia due to lack of courses offered there.
	-New exchanges are being considered with University of Singapore and other universities
	-New program for post-baccalaureates

Open Floor
	Motion: Chris S. moves that the CSSS will buy a new deck of
		Dilbert cards.- 2nded by James P.
	Vote: Defeated with 2 abstentions 5 opposed 4 in favour.

	-Off campus and volunteer-only events were discussed among
		members.  Everyone supported doing something for the
		volunteers at the end of the semester.  Several ideas
		included taking volunteers out to dinner, BBQ in a park,
		going to a movie.  Idea of having Co-op students
	 	participate was supported fully.  Further discussion is to be
		done at the last meeting of the semester.

Adjournment
	Kaye moves for adjournment

