Minutes of a meeting of the Computing Science Student Society held on
Monday, May 25, 1998 at 3:30 pm in Room 9802 Applied Science Building
(CSSS Common Room)

Present:
	Kaye Mason, Outgoing President and Chair	
	Michael Pede, Outgoing Vice President - Activities	
	Richard Drozdik, Outgoing Treasurer		
	Paul Olynek, Outgoing SFSS Forum Representative	
	Jason Reader, Acting Secretary			
	Chris Demwell					
	Nathan Derksen					
	Philip Neves					
	Geoff Rispin					
	Christopher Steinbach				 


Report on Previous Business:
	Paul Olynek reported that a gift certificate was given to Drew Miners
to replace the pants that he ripped while stringing phone lines for the 
1998 OpFair.


Treasurer's Report:
	Richard Drozdik reported that all bills from last semester are
paid off.  The Society still has about ~100 dollars left. 


Vector
	Jason Reader reported that a proposed SFU/UBC Opportunity Fair
called VECTOR (Vancouver Electronics and Computing Opportunity Fair) was
in the works.  The group that is organizing the fair is looking for a
volunteer from the Society to coordinate activit ies and advertisement on
campus.  A temporary website for the Fair has been setup at: 
	http://www.sfu.ca/~jmalm/vector/
For more information, contact Jason Reader () 


Elections:

	It was decided that the Secretary, Jason Reader, would count
the secret ballots for this election. 

President
	Kaye Mason presented what the job of President entails.

	Nominations:
	Chris S.	(Kaye, 2nd Nathan)
	Kaye		(Geoff, 2nd Nathan)
	Paul		(Jason, 2nd Kaye)
	Jason		(Geoff, 2nd Mike)
	Jason and Paul declined.
	Kaye Mason Elected.

Vice President - Resources
	Jason Reader gave a quick rundown of what the job of VPR entails.

	Nominations:
	Paul		(Mike, 2nd Kaye)
	Richard		(Paul, 2nd Jason)
	Jason		(Geoff, 2nd Kaye)
	Geoff		(Kaye, 2nd Jason)
	Paul and Jason declined.
	Richard Drozdik Elected.

Vice President - Activities
	Mike Pede reviewed what the VPA does.

	Nominations:
	Mike		(Richard, 2nd Jason)
	Geoff		(Mike, 2nd Chris S.)
	Nathan		(Himself, 2nd Paul)
	Chris S.	(Jason, 2nd Mike)
	Mike and Nathan declined.
	Geoff Rispin Elected.

Treasurer
	Richard Drozdik discussed the Treasurer's duties.

	Nominations:
	Nathan		(Kaye, 2nd Geoff)
	Chris D.	(Jason, 2nd None)
	Jason		(Geoff, 2nd Kaye)
	Chris S.	(himself, 2nd Kaye)
	Paul		(Geoff, 2nd Jason)
	Mike		(Jason, 2nd Chris D.)
	Phil		(Kaye, 2nd Paul)
	Declines: Chris D., Jason, Paul, and Phil
	Nathan Derksen Elected.

Secretary
	Jason Reader discussed what the Secretary does.

	Nominations:
	Chris S.	(Jason, 2nd Mike)
	Jason		(Richard, 2nd Paul)
	Phil		(Kaye, 2nd Chris S.)
	Paul		(Geoff, 2nd Chris S.)
	Mike		(Kaye, 2nd Richard)
	Phil, Paul, and Mike decline
	Chris Steinbach Elected.

SFSS Forum Representative
	Paul Olynek discussed his past job description.

	Nominations:
	Mike		(Paul, 2nd Jason)
	Paul		(Chris D., 2nd Jason)
	Jason		(Kaye, 2nd Geoff)
	Chris D.	(Jason, 2nd Geoff)
	Phil		(Kaye, 2nd Chris S.)
	Kaye		(Jason, 2nd Chris S.)
	Nathan		(Chris S., 2nd Kaye)
	Everyone declines, except Mike
	Mike Pede Elected.


Volunteer Committees

Undergraduate Curriculum Committee
	Kaye Mason discussed the duties of this committee. 
	Kaye Mason and Paul Olynek appointed with Richard Drozdik and
	Jason Reader as alternates. 

Hardware/Software Committee
	Chris Demwell discussed the duties of this committee.
	Chris will continue his role on the committee with Kaye Mason as an alternate.

CSSS Pagemaster (Web Committee Chairperson)
	Jason Reader gave the list of duties of this position.
	Jason will continue his work with the committee.


Ventilation:
	A quick discussion of ventilation in the Common Room resulted in
an order for the VPR to look in to talking with facilities. 


Seminar Series:
	Paul Olynek discussed his idea of organizing a Seminar Series the
Fall semester.  Paul wants to bring one company (Seagate Software) to
campus this summer as a test to see work out the bumps in the system. 
Paul also pointed out that Jason Reader will be assisting him with this
endeavor.  For more information, email Paul (eolynek@sfu.ca). 


Room Expansion:
	Jason, Kaye, and Chris Demwell discussed the various ideas of
expanding the Society's space.  Kaye motioned that a committee should be
setup to look at and formulate a proposal to the Department (2nd by Chris
S.).  Paul added the friendly amendment that Kaye should chair this
committee.  Motion passed. 


Adjournment:
	Moved by Chris S.
	Objected by Chris D
	Objection Seconded by Jason


CSSS's Hardware:
	Jason motioned that the discussion of the Hardware, in the
storeroom, be added the next meeting's agenda (2nd by Richard).  Motion
passed. 


Adjournment:
	Moved by Chris S.
	Meeting adjourned at 6:45pm
