Computer Science Student Society
Minutes for Jan. 19, 1996
Hear ye, Hear ye, one and all, the minutes of the first CSSS meeting of this year of our Lord (Well, my Lord anyways; I can't speak for some of the heathens out there) 1996, on January the 19th.
Dan "I'm outta here" Kennett chaired, but stood anyways.

Motion the first: A signature for science

We actually had to say that we favored getting money out of the SFSS by putting our societal signature on a letter supporting the Science Alive! program. This puts them up on the SFSS to the tune of $400. Points raised included the fact that "anything that might bankrupt the Peak is okay by me."

The vote: 18 for, 0 against or abstaining.

Motion the second: Whither the phone?

The phone, having given its all for the cause, and of course in a matter totally unrelated to having certain of its less popular buttons pulled out with pliers, was dead. Whatever.

Andre wanted a cheaper phone. Francis offered a free phone. Free being very cheap indeed, this was a popular motion.

The vote: 18 for, 0 against or abstaining.

Motion the third: 
"And if that Francis' phone won't ring,
should we buy another thing?"

Yeah, if Francis' phone doesn't work, we'll buy another one.

The vote: 18 for, 0 against or abstaining.

Motion the fourth: Nuke 'em all!

Basically, the question was whether or not to get a microwave powerful enough to cause brownouts in the Applied Science wing, and destroy Tupperware in under ten seconds. Hey, how can you go wrong? Andre pointed out that there might be bad aspects to having Tupperware sludge on the bottom of any microwave,and Dan pointed out this was first off a motion just to price one of these glorious products of the military-industrial complex. As well, we're going to check on the warranty repair of the previous microwave, because free stuff is the best stuff of all.

The vote: 17 for, 1 against, 0 abstentions.

And now for something completely different, four elections and a funeral.

(No, not really; it was just four elections and one "May God have mercy on your soul.")

President: Dan explained the (dis)functions of the president, which was immediately followed by a flurry of nominations. Andre nominated Ryan, Ryan nominated Andre, Kaye nominated Dan, who ducked, Francis nominated Grant, who pointed out he was only on campus four hours a week, and then declined, and Kaye nominated Lisa, who also dodged the bullet of power. That left Andre and Ryan. 

The vote: We can't tell you, it's a SECRET!! Oh, who are we kidding? Andre won big time, on his simple platform: "I'm not Ryan." 

Vice-President ("Suddenly, Dan Quayle looks really good...")

Kaye described the position that would be held by the person only a heartbeat away from the presidency. The deal is that the Vicemeister basically has all of the perks and none of the responsibility. What a deal! Andre nominated Ryan, Jason nominated himself, Ryan nominated Sam, and Adam nominated Kaye, who graciously declined. Left standing were Ryan, Sam, and Jason.

After sending the candidates out, everyone realized they didn't know who these clowns were. Jason gave an inspired speech, which surely figured in his election to treasurer. Sam did not, but volunteered later anyways, and besides, he's a neat guy (nenene!). Ryan gave a speech whose most memorable moment consisted of "Hey, if not this, then Treasurer, and you don't want me anywhere near the money"

The vote: Also secret, but we can tell you that Ryan won. Speculation is that keeping Ryan away from the money won out over the "No! Not Ryan" vote, which was split between Jason and Sam.

Treasurer ("Fumes, toxic waste, it's all ours!"):

Kaye nominated Adam, Dan nominated Sam, Carolyn nominated William, who declined. Ryan nominated Jason. Adam gave a quick speech, and we decided we'd already heard enough out of Jason and Sam.

The vote: Setec Astronomy, anyone? At any rate, Jason
took the win. Hey, if someone actually _wants_ the job...

Secretary ("default: the two sweetest words in the English language!"
-- Homer Simpson):

A flurry of nominations, but in the end only one would stand. Sam nominated Kaye, who declined. Ryan nominated Sam, who apparently had felt a little too much heat in the last vote, and bowed out. Kaye nominated Adam, Ryan nominated Francis, who declined, Kaye (not content with having just one accepted nominee) nominated William, who dodged (but did not to our knowledge, inhale) and Francis, getting into the nominating spirit if not the running, forwarded Grant. Grant declined. Are you following this? That left Adam. 

The vote: still secret, but I can tell you that Adam won on a technicality despite his last place finish.

Volunteer Positions: "We are looking for a few good men, women and/or non-gendered beings" The daunting task of maintaining the lifeblood of the CSSS was undertaken Ann who offered to take care of our beloved pop machine and Peter volunteered to be the photocopy machine dude. William is going to be on the Hardware/Software Committee to make sure we get the latest and greatest toys to play with. Francis offered to head the Activities and Resources Committee to plan fun ways to spend all our money generated by the student society's two mechanical members. Kaye and Kara will to continue to work on the Curriculum Committee and heroically fight to destroy the evil macm courses.

We now resume our regularly scheduled meeting.

Motion the fifth: Magic Tournament The main details to work out were how large to have the tournament and how much it would be subsidized by the CSSS. After much discussion, argument, and compromise we came up with the following: 

The entry fee would be $5 (subsidized by $3 for CSSS members and one guest each) 
All of the entry fees would go towards prizes. 
The tournament would be limited to 32 people in each of the type I and type II classes. (Since they would be held simultaneously you could only enter one of the classes.) Rules for what consitutes type I and type II decks would be posted with entry sheets. 
All prizes would be awarded on Monday Feb. 5 since we may not know how much prize money is available to spend on prizes due to late entries.

In the first close vote of the meeting the proposal was narrowly passed.
Kaye then presented Dan with a beautiful mug for his long and dedicated service to the CSSS as the president.

At this point the pop ran out and we had to close the meeting. 



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Guilty Parties in attendance: Kaye Mason, Andre "Prez" Kostur, Ross Lawrie, Francis Lui, Willian Whittaker, Adam "New Typist Dude" Coath, Ryan "Sound Blaster" Cousineau, Samuel Sieb, Lawrence "MTG Man" Andreutti, C. Ann Mercer, R. Jason "Poor Sod" Reader, Kara Elliot, Julian Mais, Kelsey Hamer, John R. Morris Jr., Lisa Patterson, Grant Oltmann, Peter Csapo, Andrew Ludgate, Travers Naran, Tom "I'm outa here" Niwinski