CSSS General Meeting 
This meeting was calling to order on Feb 2nd 1996 in an attempt forestall the CSSS's huge monetary problems: we have way too much money! 

Various events for ARC to spend our money, including Laser Tag, Magic, Movies, Video and Pizza Nights, and Barbecues we discussed and passed. Exact times, dates, and costs will be posted on the pop machine when ARC finalizes them. ARC and the exec were unanimously given blanket authority to organize and fund any future movie outings too.

It was noted that late registration was a problem with our latest Magic tournament. If this is expected to be a problem with future events may want to decide in advance to remove subsidies on late entrants.


Treasury Report
We have around $7000.00 in the bank. Whooo-hoooo!!!!! 


How can we Spend all this money???
Suggestions Included: 

Buying a high school Internet access. (have a contest for for it?) 
Buying a new sorting machine to ease the workload for the treasurer 
Buying a safe to store change in 
Paying to toss a bunch of Engineers in the pond. Well at $20 each this is a great deal! I mean how can you go wrong? The money goes to charity after all. A good cause and we get to get some of those engineers wet. The motion to spend $300 for 15 dunks was passed uninimously! Groupthink or what? The specific engineer(s) and how many times each is yet to be determined. Do we want to throw fifteen Engineers in once each or dunk some poor guy fifteen times? Well whatever we decide, it'll be lotsa fun!
Scholarship selection committee
The CSSS has a scholarship it awards from accrued interest which goes to a CSSS member based on his or her service to the CSSS and on financial need. The committee decides who gets it. There was no volunteers for this position outside of the exec and we really need some other people. Look at who you have for execs. Do you really want them deciding who gets the scholarship? We are talking about people who propose to spend our money tossing engineers in the fish pond. We need some sanity here!!!


Constitutional Deformity
It is getting out of date with respect to our actual practices. We will be looking into possible changes at the next meeting. Specific issues raised were: 

the Addition of a 5th exec (ARC committee head) 
Revising meeting advertising procedures to reflect current practices

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Attendance
Andre "Flame Bait" Kostur, Ryan "Sonic" Cousineu, Jason "Poor Sod" Reader, Adam "Minuteman" Coath, Lawrence "Magic" Andreutti, C-Ann "RND()" Mercer, Francis "Blank Cheque" Lui, Ross Lawrie, William Whittaker, George Villavicencio, Michael Benezra, Peter Csapo, Some pest that wandered in partway though and isn't even a CSSS member