CSSS Minutes for Feb 16, 1996 
These and other minutes now available on the CSSS web page Http://fas.sfu.ca/cs/undergrad/csss 
Combined Polar Plunge 
Our enthusiasm for making the 'neers suffer in the polar plunge this year was so great that next year they want us to join in. Andre seemed to be enthusiastic about it, but he'll be outta here by then, so what does he have to lose? Well, it is for a good cause. I'd probably do it. (Somehow I think that last statement is going to come back to haunt me.) 
The Tedmanal 
ACS is cutting off class 2 service which we need for the tedmanal in the CSSS common room. The CSIL lab offered to let us hook up to their server. This would allow us to continue using our existing hardware. A motion was made to accept their offer. This was unanimously passed. 
Shinny Hockey 
Someone mentioned something about shinny hockey to Andre, but they didn't provide more details or show up to the meeting. We'll postpone that till next meeting. 
Barbecue 
We are going to have a barbecue on March 1st. 
Volleyball 
The applied Science Volleyball tournament is on March 15. Also we want to have a social some time this term. 
Wheel Trouble 
Our pop trolley had flat tire due to a busted valve. It is estimated that it would cost ~$30 to fix including parts, labor, and tax. Ryan offered to take responibility for getting it fixed. The other option would be to buy a really cheap one for ~$18. This would be a lower quality trolley, though. The motion to fix the trolley rather than replace it was passed 9-1 with 2 a little unsure on exactly how to vote. 
Constitution Committee 
The old one was dissolved by Andre, its chairman, since it's status was in dispute and he didn't want any part in it after being roasted over some proposed changes. 
Constitution Committee 
A new Constitution committee was formed to discuss changes to our constitution. To join to committee join the csss-constitution mailing list. (Or let Kaye know and she will add you if the maillist user-interface is too intimidating.) All discussions will be done via e-mail and will be compiled by Kaye for the CSSS. And any changes will be votes on in a future meeting. On a related note the SFSS has offered to discuss with us the ways that they are oppressing us, and accept input into what changes we would like to see them make in their constitutional rules regarding student societies. This will also be announced and discussed on the csss-constitution mailing list. 
Magic Tournament 
Larry motioned to have another type II magic tournament an March 8th. 
The entry fee will be $5 (subsidized by $3 for CSSS members and 1 guest each) 
All entry fees will be used to purchase prizes 
PLUS the winner will receive his or her choice of schlocky CSSS MERCHANDISE. Selection depends on availability but the choice will probably be a shirt, boxer shorts or a CSSS mug. 
Entry will be limited to the first 36 paid entrants 
Kaye felt that putting our logo on a magic prize was degrading to the CSSS but the motion passed anyway with 10 people for and 2 against. 
Anti-Magic Tournament 
Kaye proposed to have an anti-magic tournament. What an evil idea! The whole point of an anti-magic tournament is to destroy magic cards in inventive and creative ways. This sick parody of a magic tournament will be given the same subsidy as magic tournaments. 
The entry fee will be $5 (subsidized by $3 for CSSS and 1 guest each) 
All entry fees will be used to purchase a really rare and expensive and magic card which will then be destroyed by the winner. 
Entrants can either destroy cards donated to the tournament by repentant magic players or can bring their own. 
There will be a minimum number of entrants of 6 and a maximum of 666. 
Well let's see if enough depraved people actually supports this twisted mutilation of magic cards... It passed 6 for and 1 against. (and 5 people refusing be involved in this horrid proposal) 
Dark Zone 
The laser tag game at darkzone was moved to Sunday Feb 18. This is because the planned Friday was already taken booked. We've got to book earlier in the future. It was proposed that we book another two sets of games at Dark Zone on Friday March 1 with the same cost as the last one: $8 per CSSS member plus one guest for each set of 3 games.
This was passed with 8 for, 0 against and 4 abstentions. 

Kaz Shinyashiki's tragic death 
The CSSS voted unanimously to donate $300 to Kaz's family to help with funeral expenses or to a charity of their choice.
He will be sorely missed. 

Stop those MUDers 
Two individuals are continuing to tie up CSIL's only two e-mail terminal by MUDing (Playing games). They have been told not to do this, but have ignored this. 
The motion to send an official letter to Peter Van Epp asking they be held "accountable" for their abuse of computing resources was passed unanimously. 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Attendance: Adam Coath, Lawrence Andreutti, Kaye Mason, C. Ann Mercer, J Garnett, Alex Cheng, Mike Syrjala, Francis Lui, Jason Reader, Ryan Cousineau, Andre Kostur, Ross Lawrie.