Attendance (20 people)

Angelica Lim Declared
Bishnu Bhattacharyya Declared
Colin Johnston Declared
Daryl Wong Declared
David Lee Declared
Eugene Chin Declared
Justin Price Declared
Mike McBratney Declared
Morgan Kowalski Declared
Nicola Attai Declared
Noah Adams Declared
Rob Hetzler Declared
Simeon Potts Declared
Trevor MacPhail Declared
Benton Lam Intended
Marvin Magallanes Intended
Ryan Anderson Intended
Ryan Sikma Intended
Shaun Webb MATH
Rowan Sawyer Visitor


Meeting called to order by Colin at 12:30 in the common room.

Approval of Minutes: Deferred to next meeting because our secretary has been in a battle with his computer and could not print them.

Colin talks about the camera.
The biggest problem is that it doesn't work. Well, it technically does but the focal length is off or something and we can't see anyone at the pop machine well enough to identify them. Thus, our thief gets away with all the money from the pop machine. There is talk but no decisions about whether we should relocate the camera, fix the focal length, or even get a new one to replace it or to be located elsewhere in the room.

The mystery of the missing keys.
A set of pop machine and pop cabinet keys has gone missing. Who took them? We don't know. Everyone agrees that if we can't get the keys back it is a security risk that someone else may have keys. Motion made and seconded by some people in attendance that we spend up to $100 to replace the lock in the pop machine and the padlock on the pop cabinet. Motion passes.

Local Area Network Party Six - The ability to fire on friends off on dammit!
This event is coming up Friday the 18th starting at 5:00pm and lasting until sometime the next day. Sundeep wants money to pay for pop, doughnuts, and other goodies. Yet another motion made and seconded by people in attendance. This time the motion was for $100 to go towards pop and timbits at the lan party for participants. Motion passes.

Wings Night.
Sometime in the future (not too far in the future, the exact date is actually Tue Oct 29), Sundeep is planning a wings night at the pub. He wants to subsidize wings, nachos, pop, and beer. Much discussion about whether or not we should subsidize beer. No clear resolution made but I think that it was leaning towards not subsidizing beer. One more time a motion is made and seconded by people. It is just so hard to keep track of who it was so I just do this. The motion made was for $100 to go into this wings night with a friendly amendment to make it $110 for some reason. The motion passes.

People seem to want to get out of this meeting so after lengthy deliberation about whether or not we are done, we decide to adjourn the meeting.


