Attendance (20 people)

Angelica Lim Declared
Colin Johnston Declared
Darryl Wong Declared
David Aikema Declared
David Lee Declared
Eugene Chin Declared
Hanson Ho Declared
Justin Price Declared
Mike McBratney Declared
Nicola Attai Declared
Noah Adams Declared
Morgan Kowalski Declared
Rob Hetzler Declared
Simeon Potts Declared
Trevor MacPhail Declared
Ryan Anderson Intended
Ryan Sikma Intended
Sundeep Parmar MATH
Shaun Webb MATH
Rowan Sawyer Visitor


Called to order at 12:36pm.

Approval of minutes:
Defered until later...
...Later: Minutes from Sept 18th approved. Motion: Angelica, Justin
Minutes from Oct 4th approved. Motion: Angelica, Justin

Pres's Report:
He has been to 2 faculty meetings recently. Maybe only 1. He didn't get his story straight. Suspicious...
UCC - Thinking about doing something with MACM 316. People feel that because it is taught by math it doesnt match up with CS goals (ie. algorithms).
- Feedback is wanted from us the students.
- Spam csss-president (with your feedback, that is...)

VPR Report:
Photocopier - Works... Sortof... Sometimes...
Coke - Order didn't come on Monday but we're still okay
Locks - Nothing yet... Has been asked to look into it

VPA Report:
Writing on the projector glass with a perman___ marker was the highlight of the meeting.
Movies - James Bond - Nov 22 ~50 people
- Star Trek - Dec 13 ~50 people
- The Two Towers - Dec 18 ~100 people

Motion for $175 in subsidy for Bond by Angelica, Morgan... Passes
Motion for $175 in subsidy for Trek by Angelica, Rob... Passes
Motion for $350 in subsidy for TTT by Justin, Rob... Passes

CSSS-Gathering - May be scratched (no funding from crystal)

- Thinks we could do instead... Many suggestions but after a vote, the two leading choices were Bowling and Laser Tag.

Treasurer Report: Bishnu is absent.

Secretary Report: I have nothing to say... What are you asking me for.

CSSS Funding meeting next monday. Talk of what to buy for the new Common Room.

Possible tour of new CSIL being thought of. Talk of making a CSIL2 FAQ.

High School Recruiters - Roger Ross is looking for more. Talk to him.

Student Open House w/ School -
IDEA: Students show off project and companies come to look around
Think of it as a reverse TechFair
Talk of prize for best project... No consensus
Most think it is a good idea but there is some thought that it would distract people from actual school work or that we might not have anything worth showing.

Constitution Committee:
Angalica volunteers to chair a new committee because we all want to have the constitution updated.

Meeting Adjourned at 1:25pm.

