Attendance (20 people)

Andy Lumb Declared
Angelica Lim Declared
Benton Lam Declared
Bishnu Bhattacharyya Declared
Chris Fawcett Declared
Colin Johnston Declared
Daryl Wong Declared
David Lee Declared
Eugene Chin Declared
Hanson Ho Declared
Johnson Yang Declared
Justin Price Declared
Noah Adams Declared
Rob Hetzler Declared
Simeon Potts declared
Trevor MacPhail Declared
Ryan Anderson Intended
Jeremy Holman CogSci
Shaun Webb MATH
Sundeep Parmar MATH


Meeting called to order at 12:30pm +- 5 minutes as usual

Approval of minutes defered to next meeting because they haven't been typed yet.

President's Report
"I'd like to call this meeting to order." -Colin
Talks about UCC again...
-Russ Tront wants lots of course descriptions changed
-Feedback is wanted from students
-The most significant change discussed here was that many of us want Socket Programming in 371. There was a department meeting yesterday but nobody went to represent us.
-Wasn't much to do with us anyways.

VPR's Report
"Hi, my name is Shaun. I didnt sleep last night. That's why I'm a
zombie." -Shaun

Just placed a pop order before showing up late to the meeting. There were requests that he make pop orders weekly because we are out of pop.
-He defended himself by pointing out that there actually is pop, but not in the machine currently. A number of people point out that more toner should be ordered when the last bottle of toner is put in the machine, not when it is empty. If someone other than Shaun puts the last bottle in, send Shaun an e-mail to let him know.

VPA's Report
"Fine, be that way." -Sundeep

Wings night was a success.
Complaints about wings night from people...
-Should have started at 5:00 instead of 5:30 so that people with classes at 5:30 would be able to go.
-The budget was exceeded by $70 when Dan paid out of his own wallet for extra wings.
-General consensus was that we would pay him back but that executives should not generaly be doing this and expect to be able to be refunded (or refund the person who the money came from).

Movies
-We could be getting corporate tickets for movies. They are as good as gift certificates but we would have to buy a minimum of 200 @ $10.25 each. For tickets beyond that they would only cost $9.25 each. They also need to be exchanged at least 1 week in advance for real tickets. We don't know if we can afford this so we are defering this to the next meeting.

Social
-Brad, the x-box rep, quit so we wont be getting them to come up to our social.
-Proposed Costs:
Food: Popcorn $75 and Smoothies (aka. Slurpies) $150
Baloon Drop: $200
Olympics Prizes: $300
Arcade Machines: $500
Movies & Consoles: $100
Pizza Loss: $25

Total: $1400 or $1700

-The extra $300 would go towards a silent auction.
-Most people think that the silent auction is not really apropriate for the social.
-The proposal will be revised and brought to the next meeting.

Treasurer's Report
<silence> -Bishnu

Bishnu has already left to go to class.

Secretary's Report
"Can I go to class too?" -Trevor

Before we go...

Motion to pay a bill for the pager that is long overdue ($76.72)
-Made by Angelica, Seconded by Justin, Motion Passes

Motion to repay Dan $70 for the wings
-Made by Mike, Seconded by Justin, Motion Passes

Motion To Adjourn (1:27)

