Attendance (27 people)

Angelica Lim Declared
Behnam Bastani Declared
Bishnu Bhattacharyya Declared
Chris Demwell Declared
Dan Traczynski Declared
Dennis Pilarinos Declared
David Yau Declared
Eugene Chin Declared
Ian Ho Declared
Ian White Declared
Jeremy Holman Declared
Kitty Chow Declared
Martin Knowles Declared
Mike McBratney Declared
Micha Pringle Declared
Pete Lypkie Declared
Shawn Betts Declared
Sara Iwaasa Declared
Ted Seto Declared
Wendy Tang Declared
Lawrence Ryan Grad
Dario Arkus Intended
Noah Adams Intended
Shaun Webb Intended
Sundeep Parmar Intended
Trevor MacPhail Intended
Scott Cowan MACM

Note: Some damage to was done to the record of attendance. I have reconstructed it as best I could, choosing to err on the side of not including anyone I wasn't sure about. If you spot a problem, contact me (jholman@sfu.ca ). Just because you're not on the list but should be doesn't mean I don't love you! (I don't love you independent of this.) I figure we're missing roughly 5 names.

Meeting called to order, 3:45 by Ian Ho.

Parting words of affection by outgoing officers.

Unofficial report of finances by Ian Ho:
    - bank contents approximately $1200
        - projected 2002-1 revenue approx. $2300-$2500

	Clubs Day Issues:
	    - recognition of beautiful banner
	        - call for volunteers
		    - suggestions regarding good propaganda moves, etc

		    Election of Officers: (voting by secret ballot)
		        President:
			        Nominations:
				            Bishnu (by Noah, 2nded Mike)
					                C Demwell (Pete, Sundeep)
							            Ian Ho (Micha, Shaun)
								            Winner: After a close race, especially in the hairpin curve around the mesa, where Bish actually landed his electoral platform on Demwell's, with crosschecking interference by the Couch (running on an illegally modified ballot) being the only thing that saved the blindsided Demwell....
									                Ian Ho

											    VP Resources:
											            Nominations:
												                Noah (Bishnu, Ian Ho)    declined
														            Micha (Demwell, someone whose identity was lost in Micha's rush to decline)    declined
															                Shaun (Noah, Bishnu)
																	            Jeremy (Shaun, some equally unknown soul)    declined
																		                Martin (Sundeep, Noah)    
																				            Dan (Micha, Ian Ho)    declined
																					            Winner: Martin's savage (and cunning!) use of the shotgun in close combat only earned him censure under the Geneva Convention, leaving us with a maimed and bleeding
																						                Shaun Webb

																								    VP Activities:
																								            Nominations:
																									                Martin (Lawrence, Dan)
																											            Dan (Micha, Ryan)
																												                Angelica (Dario, Micha)    declined
																														            Sundeep (Shaun, Demwell)    declined
																															                Noah (Bishnu, Eugene)    declined
																																	            Micha (Dario, Noah)    declined
																																		            Winner: Martin, having learned his lesson, was making bold headway when rabid ferrets seized him by the leg. Although he valiantly impaled one with the jawbone ripped from the other, he was nonetheless distracted significantly, such that the the winner was the still-under-FerretPreservationSociety-investigation ...
																																			                Dan Traczynski

																																					    Treasurer:
																																					            Nominations:
																																						                Micha (Shaun, Noah) declined (violently)
																																								            Martin (Dan, Ian Ho)
																																									                Eugene (Bishnu, Noah)    declined
																																											            Bishnu (Ian Ho, Shaun)
																																												                Pete (Dario, Shaun)    declined
																																														        Winner: Traumatized by the previous 2 rounds (and realizing the horror of the Treasurer position anyway), Martin skulked warily forward, until a passing asteroid obliterated Bishnu from orbit, its gravitational field launching Martin ahead.
																																															            Martin Knowles

																																																        Secretary:
																																																	        Nominations (oh god, they were coming thick and fast and declined):
																																																		            Jeremy (Ian White, some other madman)    declined
																																																			                Noah (Bishnu, Ian Ho)
																																																					            Bishnu (Noah, Ian Ho)
																																																						                Mike (Dan, Bishnu)    declined
																																																								            Angelica( ? , ? )    declined
																																																									                Sundeep (Demwell, ?)    declined
																																																											            Demwell (Bishnu, ?)    declined
																																																												                Scott    (Bishnu, ?)    declined
																																																														            Dario (Bishnu, ?)    declined
																																																															                Micha (Demwell, Bishnu)
																																																																	            Kitty (Sundeep, Micha)
																																																																		                Trevor (Bishnu, Eugene)    declined
																																																																				        Winner: Despite nominating or seconding nearly every candidate other than himself, in an apparent effort to avoid the post...
																																																																					            Bishnu Bhattachryya
																																																																						        
																																																																							    Recap in case that hurt your eyes, the new CSSS Executive is:
																																																																							            President: Ian Ho
																																																																								            VP-R: Shaun Webb
																																																																									            VP-A: Dan Traczynski
																																																																										            Treasurer: Martin Knowles
																																																																											            Secretary: Bishnu Bhattachryya

																																																																												    Call for Committee Members: An appeal by President Ho for members for the UCC, CRC, and Techfair Committee.

																																																																												    Open Floor:
																																																																												        Travel Funding:
																																																																													        Presented by Dennis Pilarinos, a request for $100 travel funding (from the SFSS, allocated for CSSS use for travel funding and nothing else) for each of the following 4 attendees of the Canadian Undergrad Technology Conference:
																																																																														            Lilian Rincon
																																																																															                Ted Seto
																																																																																	            Behnam Bastani
																																																																																		                Alan Yu
																																																																																				        Motion presented to give them the money by Shaun Webb, seconded by Ian White, passed by some huge margin with no objections.

																																																																																					Motion to adjourn by Jeremy. No objections. Meeting adjourned too damn late (sorry, I'm new at this, forgot to record time).

