Attendance (15 people)

Andy Lumb Declared
Angelica Lim Declared
Dan Traczynski Declared
Eugene Chin Declared
Mike McBratney Declared
Noah Adams Declared
Rob Hetzler Declared
Scott Cowan Declared
Sera Igglesden Declared
Trevor MacPhail Declared
Simeon Potts Declared
Dan Leslie CMPT/ENGL
Mohsen Kolahdouz-Esfahani CMPT/MIS
Shaun Webb MATH
Josephine Wong SFSS AppSci Rep


Mike McBratney calls the meeting to order at 3:39 pm.

<Outside interrupt>
Two unknown carbon based life forms enter the room asking if anyone's interested that someone in SFU is in NATO. Someone says "That's cool." Two unknowns proceed to elaborate briefly. Asking if anyone's interested about working for the government (Shaun screams "320!" People ignore him). suzieL@sfu.ca wants opinions on an SFU prof (Stella Atkins) becoming a part of NATO. </Outside interrupt>

Mike passes last meeting minutes around to be approved.

Reports of officers
President
. Common Room 2 (MTF): Couches have arrived! Foosball table in transit. Pop guy has come, no pop machine because it won't fit through the door. Smaller one that will fit through the door is on its way. y. WICS meeting report. Jessica says the ASB common room stinks. Zook recommends it to be cleaned by Facilities Management. No charge to us. Jessica to head up committee to redecorate common room. Shaun has informed us kindly that the common room has not been cleaned for 11 years. Possibility of expansion of common room (even though said not going to do it, it might happen because of renovations to old CSIL), maybe knock down wall. Discuss with Jessica in formed committee for further ideas.

Secretary: Nothing to report

VPA:
. LAN party 8: this Friday, 21st.
. Possible beer garden: SFSS doing beer garden on March 6th. Dan investigating possibilities of CSSS doing one.
. Daredevil: 31 coupons used.
. Lazertag: Weeknight, sometime between 5-7ish. Need minimum 30 people to get about $100 subsidy (i.e., get lower admission price). Dan motions move original funding for February for laser tag to be moved to a date TBD in March. Morgan seconds. Motion passes.
. Social committee meeting: Didn't really work out, so trying to make for another meeting. Will send e-mail to csss-social to make another meeting.

<Door interrupt>
4:06: Andy enters. Proclaims surprise of sorts. He is ignored until he is ordered to get pop. </Door interrupt> .

Upcoming movie nights: Friday March 14th Phone Booth starring Colin Farrell. Premise: Guy in phone booth with a sniper rifle. Dan motions to use tickets already purchased for movie nights for Phone Booth up to a maximum of 30. Morgan seconds. Motion passes.

VPR:
. Pop status: order coming in on Monday.
. Pager: Got the pager, activated one day after they get the cheque (need to give them a cheque!).

Treasurer:
. Shaun filling in for Schwartz, no idea what the status is.

Approval of Minutes
Noah motions to approve the minutes from January 29. Dan Leslie seconds.
Motion passes.

Corporate Sponsorship
. Crystal Decisions: Want to do an event, but did not want to sponsor events Mike McBratney suggested (gokarting or paintballing) because people could get hurt. Talked about image of Crystal Decisions at SFU. Crystal wants to increase exposure at SFU. McBratney suggested they do a presentation at SFU. Crystal has sponsored Rocky Mountain Biking Team, and RMBT wants to know if they can come up and do "tricks" for us here at SFU. Crystal does not currently have funds allocated to give to us, need to develop relationship first.

MTF Safety
. Safewalk: If asking for a Safewalk, ask how long it's the wait will be. Compare what they say to when they actually get there. E-mail csilop and Laura McDonald if Safewalk doesn't come in the time they say they will. There is a link on the CS web site.

<Engineering interrupt>
An engineer enters. Mcbratney says, "There's so many friggin' engineers here!" </Engineering interrupt>

Vending machines
. Should be happening soon. McBratney asks for requests. People shout for stuff. E-mail csss-president@sfu.ca for details.

EUSS Banquet
. Every year SFU Engineering has a year end banquet at Diamond club. Opening up to AppSci and SFU Surrey. Rep inviting. . Want proposal so can ask SFSS to get $1000 to cover charges. $30 per person, $300 to rent room. Want to get costs down to about $15. It is a formal event tentatively scheduled for March 21st.
. Faculty of appsci general meeting for the goings-on in appsci. Get people more involved from the SFSS. Next Thursday, Feb 27th, 3:30. Announced by AppSci Board of Directors rep.

Open Floor

Tech Fair
. McBratney asks who is interested. Noah, Shaun, Dan Leslie and Andy. Dan Leslie volunteers for coordinator. Need Tech Fair committee meetings to organize.
. Terry Williams for Academic Freedom Conference (protect rights for research). April 24th, 25th. Not needing so much corporate involvement. SFSS covering ticket price. Whoever's interested, go to SFSS office or www.sfss.ca and click on the link.

Week of Welcome
. Mcbratney wants something like last time (LAN party and minigolf). Asks for new ideas. Noah wants something evil to corrupt.I mean GET THEM INVOLVED, since there are at least 200 people coming in. Dan T forms a committee to plan this. He will set up an e-mail list for it.

Constitution Committee
. Noah is now the chair. He will send out an e-mail to get a meeting going. New draft constitution needed, lots of issues need to be settled. Aim for implementation by fall.

Water in MTF
. Morgan is not satisfied with the taste. Motions to get a water filtration system for the MTF common room. Dan Leslie friendly amends for a maximum to be spent up to $100. Noah seconds. Motion passes.

Logo submission contest
. Still ongoing. Only one so far, submitted by Simeon. Deadline: Feb 28th

Meeting adjourned at 4:35.

